RHIDP-5999: Fixed Issues in RN (#1188)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/release-notes/ref-release-notes-fixed-issues.adoc

* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP-7380[RHIDP-7380]

[id="bug-fix-rhidp-7529"]
=== Fixed incorrect branding in 1.6.0 Helm chart release

> Previously, the upstream branding was used instead of Red Hat branding when releasing the 1.6.0 Helm chart.

Reviewer: Consider using attributes for versions as well.
```suggestion
Previously, the upstream branding was used instead of {company-name} branding when releasing the 1.6.0 Helm chart.

```
